Transcription by gymzatan
Translated by Static using DeepL

The Universe
In the vastness of space
Tens of billions and hundreds of billions of lives are born
and perish.
July 2008, Western History
Tokyo, Japan
Researcher "Phew, you've finally finished.
Researcher "Yeah, I've never deciphered ancient writing before!
Researcher "Well, let this computer do the rest of the calculations, and you'll get the results in a few days. That is, if these letter-like symbols have any meaning at all.
Researcher "Anyway, our work is done... Let's go home...
Researcher "Oh... By the way, I heard that the crystal statues we made into data will be placed in the exhibition hall of the ruins that opens next month at the Ueno Museum.
Researcher "Well, let's go see the actual crystal statue...

August 2008
Ueno, Tokyo
Satoshi said, "Amazing... Brother... It's so strange that such a crystal statue was enshrined in an ancient ruin.
Sakurako "Satoshi, I heard that this statue has a crystal structure inside.
Satoshi "Well, I'll go closer and take a look.
Thompson "Boy, do you know whose crystal statue this is?
Satoshi "No, because this was just discovered the other day.
Thompson "Oh. But I do know. I know that this statue is of a demon named 'Molech'!
Satoshi ".......
Molek "My name is Molek. I am the one who sacrifices to the King.

STAGE 1
National Museum
Molek: "O mortals who spend their souls and lives, unaware of the great passage of time! Hear the roar of my army's victory!
Satoshi "... Brother ...... Help...
Keita "What the .....??
Asuka "... Satoshi....!
Sakurako "Asuka! Let's go!
Keita "Wait a minute!
Keita "Looks like we can use some of these things!
Keita equipped with a rusty axe! He's equipped with leather armor!
Keita: "Asuka, Sakurako, use this!
Asuka equipped with an ancient sword! She has equipped a replica suit!
Sakurako equipped with Attack Knife! She has equipped her Indio Dress!
Joker has equipped his Presto Plate!
Sakurako: "Asuka, let's fight! We have to save Sato-kun!
Joker "Uuuuuu...! One!!!
Victory Condition: Enemy annihilation

(after the war)
Asuka "... Satoshi...
Keita: "Something strange fell down. It might be useful for something...
I got a blockade shield (DIS=DEVIL INJECT SHIELD)!
Sakurako: "Even if we do this, we won't know where Satoshi-kun is. Let's just stay at home...
Asuka "Wait a minute .... There's something here!
Keita "Who's there!
Joker "uuuh...!
Imp "Ugh! I don't like canines. Get out of my way, kee-haw!
Keita "Here comes another one!
Asuka "Satoshi, where did you put Satoshi!
Imp "I don't know, I'm just a lowly guy. It's so annoying..." Sakurako "Asuka, calm down..." Asuka "Satoshi, where is Satoshi?
Sakurako "Asuka, calm down! If you don't calm down, you'll die!
Asuka "He's one of the guys who took Satoshi!
Keita "Calm down, Asuka! It's not too late to listen to what they have to say.
Asuka "I understand. I understand.
Imp "Thank you for saving my life, Niichan! Thank you.
Keita: "It's too early to thank you. Depending on your response, I won't be able to return it safely!
Imp "Hee-hee...
Sakurako "So, what are you doing back here?
Imp "I didn't come back! I ran away!
Keita: "You ran away?
Imp "I'm a lowly guy, so I'm worked hard by him! That's why I got tired of it and ran away.
Keita "What is this 'Molek'?
Imp "You guys met him, right? He looks like a cow!
Asuka "Then, do you know where Satoshi was taken? He was taken by that Molek!
Imp "There are so many Molek hideouts, I don't know..." Asuka "Damn...
Asuka "Damn...
Keita "If you don't know, then you're useless.
Imp "I'm going to be your chummies! That way, I can get back at Molek! What?
Keita "If I cause such a commotion and walk around with a demon, I'll get caught!
Imp "That's okay! As long as I have the tools you have, I can be stored away.
Keita: "Is this the one you got earlier?
Imp "With that, I can make myself into a unit!
Keita: "Unit? What are you talking about! Say it so I can understand!
Imp "Even if I explained it to you, you wouldn't understand!
Keita "What!
Sakurako "Keita, don't be so cold to a child!
Imp "I knew it, Nee-chan speaks better than me ♫. Well, for me to stay in this world, we have to be a unit, it's for my own good! And I need magnetite to make me act as a unit! Well, just think of it as a salary for me and give it up. So from today onwards, I'm on your side ♫. I'm an evil imp! Don't pick on me!
The imp has become a demon!
STAGE01 CLEAR
Do you want to save?　Yes No

Meguro
Sakurako "Asuka, cheer up... Satoshi, I'm sure you'll come back.
Asuka "Oh ....
Keita "Asuka! I heard that someone is running amok in Yoyogi Park!
Keita: "Men and women who escaped from the park say they were attacked by demons. Some of them died while being carried to the hospital.
Asuka "Demons are gathering in Yoyogi Park?
Sakurako "Let's go there... Wherever there are demons, Satoshi must be there too. We might be able to get Satoshi back!

Imp "Kehoe! It's me! It's the evil imp! I'm here for those who don't read the manual! You're a lucky guy! Is that you by any chance, lady? If so, you're in luck! I'm a user's friend, so I'll tell you what's up and what's not! For now, I'm going to teach you how to turn a demon into a "unit"! A "unit" is a character that you can command in a stage. First, press the Start button on the world map, or press the Decide button when the panel command "COMM" is selected. See how they all appear? Press the "DECIDE" button for "UNIT" at the top. If it's Japanese, it should be "Unit"! Then the screen changes. On this screen, you choose the demon you want to make into a unit. See the one on the far right called "Chusei"? Don't you see it? Remember, it's the one on the far right! This represents the loyalty that each demon has to Asuka. I am now 80! Demons with this number over 50 can become a unit. When you select a demon with a "Chusei" of 50 or more, the screen will change. This is the "Nickname Sca screen" where you can give nicknames to the demons that can be made into units. However, you can only enter up to 6 characters! Once you have given a nickname to a demon, it becomes a unit! That's the end of the explanation of how to make a "unit"! I think I've got it all figured out, don't you? Also, the game will continue even if my demons die, but be careful, because if any of our allies die, it's game over! If the Joker dies, too, it's game over! This is a bit of favoritism, isn't it? But take care of your old guys, because if they die, they're gone. Well, I guess that's all I can teach you. Bye bye!

Yoyogi FIGHT
STAGE 2 Yoyogi Park
Asuka "I knew it, those demons appeared in the museum.
Sakurako "Asuka, let's hurry! We have to get Satoshi back.
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.

The man said, "Did you guys come here because of the news? Or are you looking for the treasure that the devil brought?
Asuka "Treasure?
The man "The sphere that appears with the devil. You are also looking for the treasure in there, right? It's dangerous, so you'd better stay away from it. .....? Oh, you guys are not holding DIS? Then you are Thompson's acquaintance too?
Keita: "I don't know any Thompson. I picked this up at the museum in Ueno...
The guy said, "Thompson's lab is in NeoCoast City in Ariake... Well, okay... Anyway, you'd better not get too close!

Asuka "Satoshi! Is it you? Are you safe? ....?
Keita "Asuka! It's not Satoshi. You don't look Japanese!
The guy "MAY I HELP YOU?
Sakurako "That man says he will help you defeat the demon!
Asuka "Thank God! Okay, I'll kick his ass all at once!
Charlie is now one of us!

(after the war)
The guy "MY NAME IS CHARLIE WATTS. I CAME HERE AS DEVIL CAME UP THIS PARK.
Keita: "CHIEF, can you speak English...? Sakurako. I'll leave it to you...
Sakurako "DEVIL?
Sakurako "YOU CAME HERE TO SEE A DEVIL DO NOT YOU? WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE DEVILS? THEY KIDNAPPED HIS BROTHER.
Charlie "I KNOW THEM QUITE WELL. ..... ..... ... ..... ... .... ... ...
Sakurako said, "He's British and his name is Charlie Watts. He is studying ancient European civilizations at the Royal Academy of Sciences. He came here because he heard on the news that a demon from Celtic and Druidic mythology had appeared.
Charlie said, "Your friend, Akumanitsuretekaremasa. Watashi tabun anata wo tasukerukoto dekimasu.
Sakurako "He says he wants to work with us.
Charlie "Minasan, I'm looking forward to working with you.
Sakurako "By the way, Charlie, you have an unusual accessory, don't you?
Charlie "Kore desu ka? Futashitachi druid deha 'conductor item' to yondeimasu.
Keita "Kondontaktor?
Charlie "This is a conductor item. Nihon deha shiki-ninja toi. That's the word.
Keita "Shiki-sha" is that orchestra waving bladders, right? In Charlie's country, do they use that cross instead of a bokkiri?
Charlie "Masaka, chigaimasuyo! I'm going to give you a lecture on how to be a conductor! The druids have a doctrine of rebirth. It is said that when human beings die, they are reborn again. There is a case in which dead gods are transformed into human beings. The one who is the conductor is a human being who has been transformed by the gods. The item he used when he was a god is called a conductor item. When a conductor wears a conductor item, he loses his power. If you do so, you will be able to make a contract with the Akumato that belongs to him. I can also contract with fairies, earth spirits, and demons. I'm going to make a contract with fairies, earth spirits, and demons. I'm a pixie, a demon who has become a demon.
Pixie "Hi, nice to meet you.
Sakurako "Oh, you're so cute!
Pixie "Uuuh♡Onee-chan is cute too!
Sakurako "Thank you handsome!
Charlie "Koda, I'm not signing a contract with her! I'm going to make a contract with her to increase her loyalty. If you do that, she'll be a lady in her own right! No, I will make her a full-fledged unit.
Keita: "Hmmm... Can I make a contract with the devil too?
Charlie: "I'm sorry, but you don't have the power to do that. I'm sure you can do it, Asuka-san! Asuka "I don't know if I can do that.
Asuka: "I don't know what to do..." Charlie: "I don't know what to do.
Charlie: "Your brother sanga akumanisarawareta kotoi... I don't think Thompson's actions were intended by anyone. I don't think it's someone's intention.
Asuka ".....
Pixie has become a matchmaker!
STAGE02 CLEAR

Keita: "Asuka, do you remember the guy we met at Yoyogi Park, the one you saw at DIS and mentioned about a guy named Thompson?
Asuka "Yes, I remember. You mentioned that a man named Thompson also had DIS.
Sakurako "Yes, there was a man who was talking to Satoshi at the museum.
Keita "I heard there is a research institute at Neo Coast City in Ariake...
Charlie "Let's go to NeoCoast City in Ariake.

Pixi: "Ha~y! Have you learned how to do the unit yet? Wasn't it hard to understand what the imps were explaining? This time, I'll teach you how to make a contract in an easy-to-understand way! Let's see, in order to make a demon a unit, it must have a loyalty level of 50 or higher, right? So, if a demon has a low loyalty level, you need to raise its loyalty level. To raise a demon's loyalty level, you have to make a contract with a conductor. First of all, if you select "DEVIL", you will see a lot of commands, right? Choose "CONTRACT," the second from the top and the fourth from the bottom. Then the screen will change and you will be able to select the demon you want to contract. As you are choosing a demon, you see the name of the conductor in the lower right corner of the screen? The demon whose cursor is currently on the bottom right can make a contract with the one whose name is on the bottom right. If it doesn't appear, either the demon cannot make a contract or there is no conductor who can make a contract with the demon. On the other hand, if the mark appears, there are several conductors who can make a contract with the demon. So, push the right button to change conductors, and choose the one you want to make a contract with! Once you have chosen a conductor to contract with a demon, you can choose a contract magic. The contract magic is the magic that the contracted person can use! For example, Charlie cannot usually use magic. See, there is nothing in the magic section, right? Now, let's look at my status. Let's make the magic part bigger! Look, I have dia and geo! If Charlie and I make a contract, and I add the magic of Geo... Charlie's magic is up! Look, there's a geo on the magic! Now Charlie can use his magic! However! Be careful, the conductor's MP may be low and he may not be able to use his magic! Then, during the battle, you have to ask the person you signed up with to do the deed and use the magic! This will increase the loyalty of the contracted demon! After all, if you fight together, you can understand each other. When you reach 50 or more, you can make a unit, so please remove it from the unit. That's the end of the explanation of the contract!

Pixi: "And let me tell you about 'level up' and 'rank up'. When your experience value reaches 100, you level up. If you level up as a demon, you cannot choose which parameters to raise, but if you level up as a human, you can choose which parameters to raise! There are six parameters to choose from. Let me explain the parameters. The first one is "VITALITY," which represents your physical strength. If your HP is low or you take damage easily, raise this parameter! Next is MAGIC, which represents your magical power. It reduces damage from magic. If you are weak against magic, raise this to get relief! STRENGTH" represents your arm strength. It increases the damage from weapon attacks. If you can't use magic, you will be useless if you don't raise this. INTELLIGENCE" This represents wisdom. If you can use magic, you must raise it! AGILITY" represents speed. Raise this if your attacks miss. Even if you are strong, if you don't hit, it is meaningless! Finally, "LUCK" represents luck. It makes it easier to get a critical hit, so raise it once in a while! So that's the list of parameters. It is best to raise them according to the person's needs. Also, sometimes they learn magic when they level up! So, even if you think a demon is useless, you may find that it can use powerful magic when you raise it. Don't judge a demon by its appearance! So that's it for leveling up? And then there's rank up! The screen is the same, but the titles on the top are different, so don't worry about it. When your TRN reaches 100, you rank up! When you rank up, the amount of magnetite you can hold increases, and the number of steps you can take increases. Also, for conductors, the number of demons you can contract with and the places you can go will increase. In addition, as a demon, the number of times you can use Arcana will sometimes increase! Arcana is the same as in the previous "EXTRA" series. They represent the special skills of demons, and only demons can use them! You can use them without losing MP, but the number of times you can use them is limited! The more you rank up, the more times you can use it! However, the number of times you can use Arcana increased by rank-up is not counted in that stage! Please remember that the number of times you can use Arcana increased by rank-up will be effective from the next stage.

Pixi: "In addition, I'll explain the game modes! There are two modes in this game, normal mode and hard mode. First of all, let me tell you the difference between normal mode and hard mode! Normal mode gives you more money than hard mode! If you're a hard-spender, you'll have to play in Normal Mode! Also, in hard mode, you can't save in a stage, but in normal mode you can save in a stage! You can save when your phase comes around in the simulation screen. But you see, this saving looks simple enough, but it's a little tricky! You have to be careful not to accidentally make a save just when you are about to win! If you accidentally save the game at a point where you can't win anymore, you have to start over from the beginning. Don't get stuck with that kind of data. Make sure you have at least one data saved on the world map! You can save your data by pressing the "x" button when you are at this screen. But be careful not to press the A, B, or C button, because you will not be able to save! This is the world map save! You see the name of the stage you cleared? And this is the stage save! It shows the name of the map you are fighting on! To tell the difference, pay attention to whether there is a "cleared" or not! Be careful not to save too many stages so you can't clear them. Also, when you clear a stage, the battle may continue without returning to the world map, so you should save frequently when you clear a stage! If you don't save and you lose, you will have to start over from where you saved! If you take care of this, you'll make it to the end! I'm sure you'll get to the end. Good luck, handsome!

Ariake FIGHT
STAGE 3 Neo Coast City
Keita "There you are here after all!
Azael, the leader of the demon army: "You foolish humans! How dare you fall my Lilim into a trap and take her away!
Sakurako "... What are you talking about? I don't know anything about this Lilim demon!
Asuka: "You give Satoshi back!
Azael, the leader of the demon army: "You're a fool! How can you quench my wrath, which burns like the fires of hell, and atone for your sins? Give Lilim back to me now! Or I will take your body and devour it! Just like the people in this building!
Victory Conditions Defeat the boss

(After the war)
Azael: "Give Lilim back! What the hell do you want with her? Do you think a human can free that beautiful body and arrogant mind? .... What if! You didn't seal Lilim in an item, did you!
Keita: "Sealed? What do you mean sealed?
Azael: "Are you still playing dumb! I know... that you have sealed our demons in weapons and armor, and are preparing for battle!
Asuka: "The demon Lilim has nothing to do with us. It's more about the demon that took my brother. He is one of you who calls himself Molek. Tell me about him.
Azael: "I don't know anything about other demons or their legions! I want Lilim back just as much as you want your brother back. I'm sorry, but it looks like I've lost this battle. But I can't be reincarnated just yet. Until I get Lilim back in this world. ....
Azael has become a matchmaker!
STAGE03 CLEAR

Azael "Aichi, obon! This time I'm going to teach you about Damage Control and Magical Resist. Listen up! First is damage control. Let's see your stats! Here are my stats. How's that? Pretty cool! So, I'm going to increase the damage control in the lower right corner. This will change the amount of damage you take when you are hit by an attack. The sword symbol on the far left is the attribute for cutting attacks. Weapons with the cutting attribute are sword-axe-song! These weapons change the damage value of the weapon when it is hit by these attacks. The alphabet next to it indicates the degree of change. Usually it is "C". Those that are strong against attacks are "A". The weak one is "E". The following is a table of the alphabets. The weakest is S.A.B.C.D.E. E is the weakest and A is the strongest. The spear symbol in the middle is the attribute for thrusting attacks. Weapons with the thrusting attribute are claws, spears, bows, and spears. The rightmost spear symbol is for striking attacks. Weapons that can be used to strike are the stick, whip, and throwing tool. When you feel that the damage is greater or less than you expected when you attack or are attacked, you can just look at the symbols. Next is Magical Resist! Magical resist is an attribute against magical attacks. You see Magical Resist under Damage Control? The fire symbol on the far left above is the attribute against fire. It is mainly used to change the damage value when you are hit by agi-based magic. The ice symbol next to it is cold. This is a buf-type magic. Further to the right is kaminari. This is an attribute for geo-based magic. Next to the bottom, the left side is the attribute for telekinesis. In short, it is the magic of the Zan system. Next to it is the attribute for spirit. It is an attribute for magic applied to the mind, such as panic and sleep. Next to it is the attribute for spirit. It is an attribute for the magic that is applied to the mind, such as panic and sleep. The alphabet is the same as I explained in the Damage Control section, so I won't explain it here! However, there should be an extra "H". This works by restoring HP when you are hit by magic of that attribute. If you use a demon with this, you don't need to recover HP! Let me show you various demons with magical resist. This demon is strong against Buch-geo-mental-physical magic. This demon is strong against magic in general. Especially with Zan, it can't do much damage. This demon is not good at Buch magic. Agi - Zan type can be expected to have some effect. That's all for Magical Resist. I'm good at teaching, aren't I? Yes! I'll also teach you about the relationship between the height difference of the hex and the weapon! Hey, this is the screen where you are selecting who you are going to attack. You see "HIT" at the bottom? This indicates how much the attacker will be hit. This percentage varies depending on the speed parameter, but it is largely determined by the weapon. A weapon with a piercing attribute is more likely to hit an enemy if it is lower than the enemy it is attacking. On the other hand, if you attack from a higher position, it will be harder to hit the enemy. A weapon that strikes is more likely to hit if it is higher than the enemy. Of course, if you attack from a lower position, you will be harder to hit. A weapon with a cutting attribute is more likely to hit if you are at the same height as the enemy you are attacking. If you try to attack from a higher or lower height, it will be harder to hit. This concludes our discussion of the relationship between the height difference of the hex and the weapon. Finally, let me tell you about weapon ranges. There are two types of weapons: direct and indirect. There are six types of direct weapons: swords, axes, claws, spears, clubs, and whips. These weapons can only attack adjacent units. Furthermore, they cannot attack units with a height difference of more than 2 meters. Then there are indirect weapons. There are four types of indirect weapons: guns, bows, projectiles, and throwers. These weapons cannot attack adjacent hexes, but they can attack units 2-3 hexes away. Moreover, these weapons are immune to counterattacks. But... But, but! It can not counterattack at all against the enemy's attack. Heaven does not give two things. Ideally, a unit with a direct weapon should cover the front and attack from behind with an indirect weapon. That's about it for the weapon range. Now all we have to do is to be diligent! Well, good luck. If you have any questions, read the manual. Keep the manual where you can read it right away! That's a sure thing. Well then, I'm going home.

Ariake ?
Charlie "It's kind of a dingy room, isn't it?
Keita: "Yeah - and it's so spacious. It looks like we could have a field day in there.
Charlie "Speaking of which... Oh, is that...? It's a person, a person is lying on the ground!
Keita: "Is he dead? Maybe he was killed by the demon outside?
Charlie "I'll go take a look.
Keita "Charlie, be careful.
Charlie "Hey! Are you okay?
The guy "... Uhhh..." Charlie "Oh, he's alive!
Charlie "Oh, he's alive! Hey, come on! What's going on? Who are you?
Muhammad "Who are you? Muhammad ... Akumaga--Osottekita... Ato ha--- omoidasenai.
Charlie: "Okay, don't worry. I'll get you out of here.
Keita: "Looks like there's no one here but this guy. What in the world was he doing here?
Charlie: "When I came into this room, I found some interesting data on a console by the wall. There is a network that I used to access every day from here.
Keita: "Network...?
Charlie: "I'm pretty sure they were doing something with the network connection. Anyway, it seems we have no choice but to stay here for now. Muhammad, stand up. Asuka! It's time to get out.
Muhammad is with us!

Ariake ?
Keita "But what did you create such a huge dome for?
Charlie "You must have been studying some very rabid creature. But there is nothing we can do here. Now, it's time to go outside.

Meguro
Keita "Muhammad . Calm down. Did you remember something?
Sakurako "Keita, let's leave him alone for a while.
Charlie "I agree with Sakurako. But more importantly, why don't we go to a networking company in Shinjuku?

Shinjuku FIGHT
STAGE 4 Shinjuku
Madrider "Gehehehe... You guys! What are you getting so worked up about? Thanks to the devil, the noisy mappos and gusai-ojis have escaped, and this is our heaven! Tolls are a bit expensive!
Reika: "What are you talking about! Why don't you guys get out of my way!
Madrider: "You're the tarot reader Reika, aren't you? You're a tarot reader, aren't you? Get out of here before you get into trouble and get hurt.
Keita: "The number of dangerous-looking people is increasing rapidly. What the hell is going on?
Charlie "It seems that demons have appeared here as well. The Nethook company that was accessed from the Ariake research center should be just down the road. Besides, we have to save that girl over there. Do you remember the power of the conductor that I told you about when we first met? It seems that she has the same power inside her.
Victory Condition: Enemies are all destroyed.

(After the war)
Keita: "There it is! It's a demon!
Sakurako "That's the guy who was talking to Satoshi at the museum!
Thompson "What do you want now? I don't have time to get involved with you...
Asuka: "My brother has been kidnapped by Molek. I need you to tell me everything you know about Molek.
Tompun: "I see, you are the brother of the child Molek took...
Asuka "Do you know where your brother is?
Thompson: "Not that I don't know... Molek is a fanatical demon who forces sacrifice among the demon tribe. I may not be able to catch up with him in time.
Asuka "Nah, you!
Tompon said, "If you still want to know where your brother is, you can ask the devil. It is best to ask the devil about the devil.
Muhammad "....
Keita "Wait!
Reika said, "Asuka is so cool. I think I'll follow her for a while...
Reika is now my friend!

Keita: "Oh my God, more and more demons are appearing in more and more places. What the hell is going on?
Muhammad "....
Charlie "Asuka, the headquarters building for the communication line is right there. If you access the host computer there, you should be able to figure out what Thompson was doing.
STAGE04 CLEAR

Shinjuku NET
Charlie "Are you ready? Where's Keita-san?
Keita "I'm here! It just took a while. Let's get started right away.
Sakurako "You'll get used to it. Don't be hasty, Keita!
Charlie "Come on, let's go in.
Keita: "You want some mites? Will you get the oni? Will Ja appear?
Sakurako "... Maybe... Both of them will be there.

STAGE 5 Virtual space "Sheol
Mastema "Oh! There are still some wanderers here. Very well... Come, devils of my army, devour the souls of mortals to your heart's content!
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.
Willie: "You guys are aware of this virtual space, too? I don't know what's going on, but help me defeat them.
Maria "My name is Maria. I'm a Marine in the U.S. Navy. We'll talk later. For now, let's defeat these demons first.
The guy "I knew it was something like this... Oh? You guys are the guys from Yoyogi Park, aren't you?
Keita: "Who are you, anyway?
The guy "My name is Sawaki. I'm an assistant professor of archaeology at the university. I don't think this is the time to be chatting around here. If you're out of your comfort zone, please come to T University in Hongo. See you at .....
Keita ".......

(After the war)
Mastema: "To be defeated by a human!

Willie "Where are you guys accessing the network from?
Asuka "Why are you here?
Willie: "Did you know that demons started invading the real world?
Asuka "No, we were in Neo-Coast City.
Maria "Demons have started attacking all over Japan.... Even the Self-Defense Forces have been mobilized.
Willie "We are soldiers of the U.S. Army who have come to Japan. Our base is also being attacked by demons. We accessed this space by chasing demons that appeared in a virtual space controlled by the U.S. military.
Maria ".... The virtual space is about to collapse!
Willie "... We're running out of time! Contact us when you get back to the real world! Location:...
STAGE05 CLEAR

Meguro ?
Charlie "It seems that something terrible has started.
Sakurako "Anyway, let's look for the people we met in the virtual space.
Keita "You said they were US soldiers, right?
Charlie "There were several bases around Tokyo, weren't there?

Hongo ?
Sawaki "I knew you were here.
Sakurako "Who are you?
Sawaki "I'm an assistant in the archaeology department.
The statues of Kuztal that were placed in the museum in Ueno were brought here from the ruins of the Aztec crawlspace.
Asuka: "The statues are in the Ueno museum at .....　... Was that so?
Sakurako "You know a man named Thompson?
Sawaki "He is a friend of Professor Ando of the Department of Archaeology. I met him once in his office.
Sakurako "I went to his laboratory. There was data on a terminal there about access to a virtual space. I found you in that virtual space.
Asuka "At the museum in Ueno, my brother was taken away by a demon.
Sakurako "There was also a man named Thompson there.
Sawaki "I see... Your brother... I understand! It's not something I would normally give to you, but I don't like that Thompson. This disc is the one he left here. You can take it with you in case it's of any use to you.
I got System Disk 1.
Sawaki "By the way, who is that behind you?
Keita "He was lying in Thompson's laboratory.
Sawaki ".... Hmmm .... No, I must be mistaken. I'll look into things personally too. I have a feeling I'll be seeing you guys again. Well then, take care.

Ariake ?
Charlie "R.E.M.I.X.?
Keita "What on earth are you talking about?
Charlie "R.E.M.I.X.? I'm not sure I understand. ...... Let's try activating it.
Charlie "Thompson is using this device to create demons. No, to be precise, he was using the demon data to synthesize another demon.
Asuka: "Synthesizing demons...?
Charlie "Yes... This device creates new data based on the genetic data of life.
Sakurako "Where do you find the genetic data of a demon?
Charlie "I don't know how Thompson got it. But we can get the devil's messenger data. For example, by using the demon in our DIS. But if the genetic data disappears, the demon will disappear too.
Asuka "Can you synthesize a new demon from the one over there?
Keita "Thompson, are you saying that they are fighting demons just like us?
Charlie "That's... I don't know yet. We can try to test it using our data. .....
Keita "Asuka, shall we use the DIS demon?

(DISK 1 (FriDay)" is now available in Ariake!)

Shinagawa MOVE

Branch Route A (Maria and Willie join)
Yokosuka FIGHT
STAGE 6 U.S. Naval Base
Keita "There he is! That guy over there is the one we met in the virtual space!
Willie "Hey, it's you guys. I'm Willie Montezuma, a Green Beret in the U.S. Army. Thank God you guys are here. We'll talk to you after we get those demons out of the way. ....
Willie is now one of us!
Maria: "Hi, you guys. I'm Maria of the Marines... Maria - I'm Warwick. Anyway, after we clean up these guys. ....
Maria is now one of us!
Victory Condition: Enemy destroyed

(after the war)
Jyllung "Abaddon! Where do you think you're going, abandoning us?
Abaddon "Abandon? Jyllung, you are the first incarnation of the Dragon King tribe. We are only following what Queen Athena and Master Aiakos have discussed and decided.
Willy: "Then let's meet in the warehouse of this base.
STAGE06 CLEAR

Yokosuka ?
Maria "Asuka! There's something strange going on. The virtual space where you and I met is changing its structure and the demons in it every time we enter! It's as if the world itself is reincarnating. ....
Willie: "The human soul is also reincarnated over and over again. It would not be surprising if the demons and their world are repeatedly reincarnated. And your brother may have been taken to one of those virtual places Maria mentioned. To find him, you should try to access the virtual space again.
Asuka: "No matter how many virtual spaces are created by demons, I will access the virtual space as many times as I have to find out where Satoshi was taken.

Branch Route B (Maria and Solomon join)
Tachikawa
Solomon "Maitreya Asuka-kun, is it?
Asuka "How did you know my name?
Solomon: "The newspapers have been writing a great deal about you. As the leader of an outlawed group leading a demon army...
Sakurako "What?
Keita "We are ....!
Solomon: "The media is saying that the demons are attacking humans because they are following your orders. It seems that the theory of big demagoguery still holds true today. It's a method developed by a group called the Nazis back in the day.
Asuka ".........
Solomon "From now on, it's better to stay out of the public eye less often.
Sakurako "Why do you trust us, Pastor?
Solomon "People who fought with you in the virtual space will come to this church. After listening to their stories, I realized that you are not the people that are reported in the newspapers.
Asuka: "I am trying to recover my brother who was kidnapped by demons. The demons are fighting a constant battle to reincarnate themselves into stronger demons. But for me, it doesn't matter... As long as Satoshi comes back...
Solomon: "I understand your desire to get your brother back. However, demons are appearing in this world and attacking humans. I don't think just thinking about your brother is enough. Someone has to get serious and fight these demons and find out what is going on...
Asuka: "But humans have an army. Fighting is their role.
Solomon: "The tactics that the army has are for humans to fight each other. They don't work for demons. I will help you. Let us fight together.
Asuka: "Are you a pastor or a ....?
Solomon: "Dealing with demons has always been a part of the pastor's duties.
Maria: "Welcome Asuka! I am Maria Warwick. I'm a machine operator for the Marines.
Solomon "Maria, did you find anything?
Maria "Oh yes! I'm sorry Asuka, but I think I've brought the demons with me. Can you guys help me out a little?

Tachikawa
STAGE 6 Tachikawa Former site of the U.S. military base
Solomon "Lord, guide the demons that gather in my church.
Solomon is now one of us!
Maria "Solomon, aren't you having fun?
Maria is now one of us!
Reika "Asuka. I'm having a lot of fun with the pastor!
Victory Condition: All the enemies are defeated

(after the war)
Solomon "It looks like it's over. Come on, everyone. Let's go back to the church. It's time for tea...
Maria ".......
STAGE06 CLEAR

Tachikawa ?
Maria "Asuka! There is something strange going on. The virtual space where you and I met is changing its structure and the demons in it every time we enter! It's as if the world itself is reincarnating. ....
Solomon: "The reincarnation thing is also passed down in our Christianity. But I find it hard to believe that it really happens! But I don't know if your brother was taken to one of the virtual spaces Mary mentioned. To find your brother, you should try to access the virtual space again.
Asuka: "No matter how many virtual spaces are created by demons, I will access the virtual space as many times as I have to find out where Satoshi was taken.

(Routes A and B merge)
Shinjuku NET
Sakurako "Asuka, look! It's Satoshi!
Asuka "Satoshi! I'll save you now!
Satoshi "Satoshi... Ta. S.. Ke. Te.....
Molek: "Hmmm... ..... You're following me! How dare human souls begin to tease us into the place of our incarnation... Looks like the ancient prophecy is beginning to come back to life.

STAGE 7 Virtual space "Duato
Sakurako "Satoko-kun!!!......
Satoshi ".... Brother "....
Molek "Asuka, you look pale... Hmph... Don't worry! Unfortunately, thy brother is not dead. He has gone to Caina! To the underworld created by Cain who killed his own brother...
Osiris: "Molech! If you've done what you had to do, get the hell out of here!
Molek: "I don't need to be told. I'll go away quietly. But don't forget. He is watching this battle! If you lose... Don't you understand? I don't need to tell you what happens next...
Osiris ".....
Molek: "I'm praying for your victory too. Hahahaha...
Osiris "Molek... Don't think you can always get your way! After I defeat the humans, I will settle the score with Master Negative!
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.
Sis-op "Hey! Let me help you! You devil, you're messing up my network. Dad! Don't mess with a kid's fight!
Store owner: "What are you talking about? Who do you think you've grown up to be that big thanks to! I taught you how to fight! Don't talk nonsense!
Sawaki ".... Dad...
Store owner: "Brother! I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to join you. We're Edo natives! We like fire and fighting more than food. Oh? I feel like I know you from somewhere... Never mind! Come on, brother! Let's get this over with! Ixzo! Tohenboku no Konkontiki!

(After the war)
Store owner: "You guys are strong! I like you! When you go back to Tokyo, please come to my house. I promise! See ya! Hey, let's go home!
Sis Op: "See you later!
Sawaki ". Asuka-kun... See you.
Reika: "Where the hell do you want me to go? You went away without telling me where you live!
STAGE07 CLEAR

Shibuya
Store owner "I'll be there! It's you guys! How nice of you to come. Well, how about some tea?
Sisopo "Sawaki told me about you guys. Damn, you devil bastards are so stupid.
Sawaki: "He and I have been good friends for a long time. It seems that demons are creating a netherworld on the network while invading the virtual space created by humans.
Sisopo "The network I was managing was also invaded by demons. I was so mad that I asked Sawaki to take me to their virtual space.
The store owner said, "This guy has a doctorate in theoretical physics. He's an eccentric guy who suddenly started doing archaeology.
Sawaki: "Don't talk about me, Dad. Asuka, there's something I'd like to discuss with you. Come to the lab at U of T later. I'll go ahead and wait for you. I'll be waiting for you.
Sys Op: "Sawaki seems to like you. He's not the kind of guy who asks people for things like that.
Store owner "That's right. He was bullied when he was a kid. He was bullied when he was a kid and used to make me cry a lot. My naughty boy used to defend him and beat up the bullies.
Cis-op "Dad, don't talk nonsense. You're pathetic. He really is a super genius. In high school, he solved a math proof that even a college professor couldn't solve, and the teacher was amazed.
Reika: "Wow, he's so cool!
Store owner "Asuka, please help Sawaki with his problem!

Hongo ?
Sawaki "Hey, Asuka! You came well.
Reika "Sawaki-san is a super genius, isn't he? Sawaki-san is the one who took the cis-ops to the virtual space of demons, isn't he? We are looking for a virtual space called Kaina. Satoshi said, "I heard that you are in that virtual space.
Sawaki: "I am not a genius. Besides, when it comes to networks, sysop is much more knowledgeable than I am.
Asuka "What do you want to talk to me about?
Sawaki: "Oh, actually, I'm investigating this case in my own way. It seems that the crystal statues found in the Aztec ruins are the origin of this case, but I can't check the data because Professor Ando won't release it to the public..." Keita "That's strange.
Keita: "That's strange. Humans are being attacked by demons, but they won't show us the data that started it all.
Sawaki: "Sometimes there are scholars who cling to their power. So, when I say consulting you, I mean Muhammad there...
Reika "What about Muhammad?
Asuka "What did you find out about him?
Sawaki: "I'm not sure yet. Let me talk to him for a minute.
Muhammad "....????
Sawaki "Do you remember where you were born or what you remember from your childhood?
Muhammad "... I can't remember...
Sawaki "Do you know how to find the solution of Pythagoras' theorem?
Muhammad "Yes, . It's... ＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊
Sawaki "... Then, what about Fermat's theorem?
Muhammad "Well, about that ... ＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊
Reika: "That's great! Muhammad was so smart.
Sawaki: "Where did you learn that knowledge?
Muhammad "... I can't remember...
Sawaki ".... I see... ..... Perhaps... Asuka, can you leave him with me? I'd like to hear more about what he knows...
Asuka: "That's for him to decide for himself.
Sawaki: "What do you think? Muhammad.
Muhammad "..... Asuka: "I understand. Maybe you can understand me... Okay, Asuka?
Sawaki: "If Muhammad wants to leave, he can leave anytime he wants. And I heard there is a new system disk for the remix station. I'll have your disk ready for you as well, since it's supposed to be available soon. And if you want to know more about the virtual space called Caina, you should go to Shibuya again and ask a sysop about it. I'm sure you can find a way to access Qaina using his company's network.
Muhammad is no longer with us.

Shibuya ?
Store owner "No, actually, I'm on my way out. I'll be right back, just wait for me.
Asuka "Where are you going?
The store owner said, "Well, I'm going to talk to you about that devil you and I have been chasing..." Asuka said, "Where are you going? My son who was a sysop of the network got fired from the company. They said he broke the company's network without permission. And that idiot went to the company to ask, "What's wrong with fighting the devil? He went to the company to screw them over and never came back. I'm on my way to my son's company to check on him.
Sakurako "Where is the company?
Store owner "Kawasaki..." "Asuka!
Keita "Asuka! It's a fishy story that you're fired for fighting a demon. Let's go there too.
Reika "Yes, and Satoshi was taken there. Sawaki-san said that "Kaina" means "La Network City," and that we could find out by asking a Sys Op.
The store owner said, "I see, I'm sorry... I'm so sorry... I have to take care of that idiot son of mine.

Shinagawa MOVE

Kawasaki FIGHT
STAGE 8 Kawasaki
SDF commander "Asuka Maitreya! We have sealed off the area around you. We have been asked by the authorities to take you into custody under the Subversive Activities Prevention Act. Meekly, lay down your weapons and surrender!
Maria said, "Asuka, you're in trouble! They are armed with HFM high-output microwave weapons. These are futuristic weapons that even we, the U.S. Marines, haven't been issued.
Keita: "I've heard about them too. There are rumors that some of their troops are equipped with superhuman abilities through cyborg surgery.
Sakurako: "I can't back down from that! Besides, there is no guarantee that they are really on the side of humans!
Asuka "The only way to find out is to fight them...
Store owner "All right! Let's go for it!
The store owner has joined the group!
Victory Condition: All the enemies are killed

(after the war)
Keita: "There must be someone powerful enough to run the special forces of the Self-Defense Forces. He's selling humans and giving future weapons to demons.
Store owner: "We're Edo kids! The bigger the fire and fight, the better, but I won't allow anyone to sell humans to the devil!
Reika said, "Dad, there's no point in being stubborn. Let's go find your son!
STAGE08 CLEAR

Kawasaki ?
Store owner "Hey! Open the door! You stupid idiot! Open it or I'll smash it! Geez... .....
Maria: "Mister, get out of the way!

STAGE 9 Net System Inc.
Computer voice: "Security Control Level 3 inaccurate bio-reaction detected. Auxiliary programs are in operation.
Computer voice: "Intruder is Alok A-4, proceeding down corridor Alpha.
Computer voice: "Operation Melting Thunder has been issued. Case D to eliminate the intruder.
Victory Condition: Defeat the boss.

Agent "You must be Asuka Maitreya. The special forces of the Self-Defense Forces are not much to be relied upon. Or is that demon you're carrying with you so powerful?
Store owner: "You're the one who teamed up with the demon and handed over the weapon. What a bastard! I'll never forgive anyone who betrays humans!
Agent: "Betray? You are the ones who are standing up to the state. We are proceeding with this project under orders from the top.
Maria: "Top...? Are you saying that Japan, as a nation, has made a pact with the devil? If we do such a thing, we will make an enemy of the whole world...
Agent: "From your country's point of view, which has a Christian ethic, I suppose that is true. However, history clearly shows that there was a time when the being you call the devil was praised as a god. Your worldview is not all there is to it, is it?
Charlie: "That is the devil's logic!
Agent "What you call demons, they are the first non-human intelligent life forms that humans have encountered. They have been expected to exist since the latter half of the twentieth century, when mankind included outer space. From a time in the distant past they came across time and space trying to make contact with humankind. But humanity at that time could not understand them. They had no choice but to walk away and wait for us to evolve.
Asuka: They are killing humans and destroying cities!
Agent: "You mean Shinjuku? That was the result of the Devil's self-defense Sotichi against the human reaction. It was an unfortunate incident, but we succeeded in making contact with the devil. Through discussions with the upper echelons of our country, mutual misunderstandings have been cleared up. As proof of this, the demon's destructive activities have been brought to a halt. Despite such reconciliation. Your actions are stirring up animosity among the demons.
Sakurako: "Then, where is Satoshi? He is tormented by demons and needs help!
Agent "I heard that there is a legion of demons who are acting antisocially, just like you. Satoshi, is that you? He was taken away by some of those forces. We have no choice but to leave him to the demons. If you act on your own, you will violate the terms of our settlement.
Charlie: "So you want us to just sit back and do nothing?
Agent "They have waited patiently for a long time to bring us, the human race, inestimable knowledge and benefits. We cannot jeopardize our friendly relationship with them just because one individual is missing. Satoshi, we have left you in the hands of the devils.
Asuka, "Who asked you to make such a decision? Satoshi is my brother! I don't care what you guys decide on your own!
Agent "It can't be helped. Let's leave you here in peace.

(postwar)
Sysop ".... Thank God...
Cis-op is now one of us!
STAGE09 CLEAR

Maria "What! This is...! Everyone come here!
Sis-ope "They are creating a netherworld in the virtual space on the network!
Reika "One of these things must be Kaina! Cis-op! Don't you know which one is Kayna?
Maria: "Most of the virtual spaces look like they are not yet completed. It's dangerous to access unfinished virtual spaces. If you access to the unfinished fields, your nerves will be destroyed.
Asuka: "Then we have to go...! To get Satoshi back...
Keita: "While we are doing this, the demons are continuing to create their netherworld in the virtual space.
Sisopo: "That's right! The president of this company would know the key code to access all of the network... But he hasn't been seen at the company for some time now. He went off to go somewhere with a foreigner named Thompson, and no one has seen him since.
Reika said, "Asuka, why don't you go back to Tokyo? If you ask Mr. Sawaki, you might be able to find out where Thompson is likely to go.
Maria "Indeed, I heard that Thompson used to show up at U of T a lot.

Kawasaki MOVE

Hongo ?
Sawaki "Hey, you finally came. I've been waiting for you. Thanks to Muhammad, I was able to solve the demon data.
Asuka "Did you find anything out?
Sawaki: "Well, yes and no. The demon itself is a life form not so different from human beings... Of course, they have special abilities and many other things that humans don't have...
Asuka "You said that demons are reincarnated into a new life by dying in battle. .....
Sawaki: "Yes, that's the way it is. There is no such function in the demon itself as a single entity. It just seems to remember what it was before it was reincarnated. ....
Asuka: "It remembers the lives it has piled up...?
Sawaki: "Yes, it seems that we humans have memories that may have been lost, memories of our past lives.
Asuka "You mean that humans are also reincarnated?
Sawaki: "Maybe we just don't remember! If so, it is not impossible to conclude that reincarnation of life is possible, is it?
Asuka "Reincarnation may indeed be possible. But for me right now, my first priority is to find my brother. The president of the NetHook company, who seems to be with Thompson, knows the key code to the virtual space. I thought you might know where he might be, Mr. Sawaki?
Sawaki: "I heard that Thompson left Tokyo and went to a hospital in Kamakura. His assistant heard Professor Ando talking about it earlier. Oh yeah, I got a new system of remixing disks! Give it a try!
I got the system disk 2.
Sawaki: "Well, take care...

(DISK 2 (Saturday)" is now available in Ariake!)

Ariake REMIX DISK 2 (SaturDay)
BATTLE (optional; only once)
STAGE 10 Saturdays exercise
Saturday "Come on, Asuka! Try to fight against the devil I created.
Victory Condition: Enemies annihilated

(After the battle)
I got the mental charge.
STAGE 10 CLEAR

Meguro ?
Reika "Asuka, we have to find the president who is trapped...
Sis Op "He must know how to access Caina.
Store owner "He's the one who's letting the demons use the network. That's why rich people can't be trusted.
Reika: "If we can find the president, I'm sure we can find out where Satoshi is.

Kamakura FIGHT
STAGE 11 General Hospital
Thompson: "Yea, I didn't know you'd come all this way! I've been studying the devil's genes and even discovered a way to synthesize them. I won't be disturbed by low-life monkeys like you!
Asuka "Wait, Thompson!
Victory Condition: Total annihilation of the enemy.

Thompson: "I don't have time for you. You'll be the devil's bait here!

(after the war)
STAGE11 CLEAR

Inside the General Hospital, there was a device identical to the remix station at NeoCoast!
Sys Op "I found the president!
Store owner "You were fired, weren't you? You don't have to call that man the president.
cis Op: "Even if I told you that, I can't change things so quickly! I'm not crazy like my father, you know!
Store owner "Heh, you're talking nonsense! You almost got me fired and killed!
Reika: "Don't talk nonsense... Sis-op man. Did you ask the president about the network?
cis-op "Yes, the president said he was asked by a government official who claims to be Professor Ando of U of T and his student.
Reika: "Professor Ando? Isn't he the professor from the archaeology department that Sawaki-san mentioned?
Asuka "He's the one who excavated that crystal statue of the devil...
Sisopoeia "It seems that Professor Ando and his officials have asked us to use their network for an ongoing national project.
Reika: "It seems that the Japanese political and business circles are helping the devil.
Store owner "For government officials, money and power are always important! They don't care if we are eaten alive by the devil.
Asuka "Wait, there's someone here!
Lilim "How dare you humans play with the body of Master Lilim ..... I will retaliate for the humiliation you have inflicted on me as a crime that will never be forgiven!
Store owner "! You're a good woman!
Reika: "What are you talking about, Dad!
Azael: "Lilim! I finally found you!
Lilim "Azael! Why are you among the humans? You didn't even come to help me. What's going on?
Azael: "No... This is...
Reika: "Why are men like this? When they see a sexy woman, they all get their hana's under their arms... But Lilim is really sexy. No wonder Azael doesn't want to be reincarnated.
Lilim: "Thompson said he was going to collect demon genes. He also took my bodily fluids. I will retaliate against him in the name of the devil. Until then, I am willing to work with you. But right now I need rest. I'll borrow Azael for a while.
Azael: "No. .... Sorry! I'll be right back...
Reika: "Asuka, you saw that! When you go out with a vicious bitch like that, she treats you good and pretends to be nice to you.
Asuka "........
Azael has been removed from the matchmaker!

Kamakura ?
Sysop "We've figured out how to access Caina! Now you can access it anytime!
Reika "... Who is it?
Patient "I am Minamoto no Yoritomo! You are Yoshitsune! How dare you betray your brother and show yourself here!
Keita: "What are you talking nonsense! There's no way Minamoto no Yoshitsune is still alive!
Asuka "... What are you talking about? Ugh ....... What's going on?
Keita "Asuka! What's going on?

STAGE 12 The Battle of Kinugawa
Yoshitsune "Where am I? What am I doing?
Victory condition: Run to the shrine.

Benkei "My Lord, are you safe? (Keita's image is visible)... The scattering has already begun here. Please retreat to the inside of that shrine!
Yoshitsune "(Asuka's image appears and disappears)... Keita? What are you talking about? Where are we?
Benkei "We are at the edge of Hiraizumi, by the Koromo River, that we are. Are you excited to be fighting for the first time in a long time, my lord?
Kichiji Kinpaku "Yoshitsune no Dono! Pull back quickly! Let us dispel Yoritomo's army..." Yoshitsune "Yoshitsune?
Yoshitsune "Yoshitsune? You mean Minamoto no Yoshitsune? Musashibo! Where are we?
Benkei "Musashibo will accompany you. Come this way... Kichiji! I'll leave the rest to you. Come on, Yoshitsune-sama...
(Run to the shrine within 8 turns!)

(After the war)
Yoshitsune: "Takezo-bo! That's enough... It was an interesting life for both of us. Let's make our final departure by crossing paths in this shrine...
Benkei ". With all due respect... I decline! I, Musashibo, will fight to the last and die, that I will! I cannot leave this last pleasure to you, my lord.
Yoshitsune "...... Musashibo, I never thought of you as my retainer. You are my best friend.
Benkei: "My Lord, this Musashibo has no regrets. We will meet again in the next life...
Yoshitsune "Musashibo...! Ugh...! I want to stay here so that my head can be broken!
STAGE12 CLEAR

Keita "Asuka! What's wrong?
Asuka ".... Benkei?
Keita "Benkei...? What are you talking about! Have you lost your mind too? I've already quarantined the sick man in the hospital room..." Asuka "Oh...
Asuka "Oh... No, it's okay.
Reika "Keita, don't be too hard on Asuka! There's so much going on that it's no wonder we're all going crazy...
Asuka "... Reika. Thank you... I'm fine... Keita, I'm sorry!

(REMIX is now available in Kamakura!)

Meguro ?
Sakurako "I have to go to the virtual space where Satokun is.
Keita: "Yeah, the virtual space that Molek called Kaina. This time we have to scoop Satoshi out.

Shinjuku NET
Joker "Woof, .... Woof!
Sakurako "Asuka, Satoshi's here!
Asuka, "This time we'll get him back! .... Let's go!
Keita "Asuka, Satoshi's acting weird.
Joker "Woof, .... Woof!
Satoshi "You're late, brother. Why didn't you come earlier?
Sakurako. Satoshi, ....
Satoshi "It's too late... My soul has been offered by Molech for the sake of the great being that will soon come... What you see now, brother, is a nukegara who has lost his soul.
Asuka: "Come back, Satoshi! I'll take care of the rest! If you lost your soul, you can get it back. Don't give up!
Molek: "Hmmm... It's a funny coincidence that I'm trying to save my brother in the underworld of Cain, the man who killed my brother... But I cannot give him back. The time for me to make a contract with my great master is approaching.

STAGE 13 Virtual Space "Kaina
Joker: "Woof, woof... Woof!
Satoshi "Joker, you came well. Do you remember me?
Joker "Kuhn..." Satoshi "Come here, Joker...!
Satoshi "Come here, Joker... Here we go...
Asuka "Joker!
Joker is out of the group...
Victory Condition: All the enemies are killed
Molek: "Mighty men of my army, destroy the humans and the traitorous demons who bow down to them! Let their blood be sacrificed on this scorched earth of Caina!
Keita: "Molek! I will never forgive you!

Asuka "Molek! Where did you take Satoshi?
Molek "You didn't hear Satoshi's words, did you? Satoshi has given his soul into my hands, and now he is working with us demons by his own will. Asuka! You too shall serve my legion!
Asuka: "No matter how lightly the demons treat human souls, no matter how much they hurt and destroy them, human beings have the power to heal and regenerate them! I, my friends here, and Satoshi will not be at the disposal of you demons!
Molek: "You are a stubborn soul! For a man of this age... Very well. If you insist so much, see for yourself with your own eyes and body. See with your own eyes and body how meaningless human beings are. And then you will taste the true torment of hell!

(After the war)
Sawaki "Asuka, Thompson appeared at U of T.
Asuka ". Thompson?
Sawaki "Yes, he is going to use the lab at U of T for a while. I heard a rumor that a remix station has been set up. I am currently investigating the demons that are appearing in the West Tokyo area. There seems to be a lot of movement in the demon world... I will let you know soon. As soon as I'm done here, I'm going to head to the University of Tokyo...
Muhammad "... Asuka: ....
Asuka "Muhammad... Has your memory come back?
Muhammad "... Thanks to Mr. Sawaki, it's gradually coming back...
Asuka "I see... That's good...
Sawaki "Well, Asuka... Also...
Muhammad "Sawaki-san, wait a minute.
Sawaki "What's wrong, Muhammad?
Muhammad "I'm going with Asuka. Asuka, I'm worried...
Sawaki "... Yeah, that's good. Asuka may need your help now.
Muhammad "Sawaki, I'm sorry.
Sawaki "No, you've helped me a lot. It's me who should thank you. Then, Asuka. I'll come back when I know something!
Muhammad "Asuka, let's go!
Asuka "Thank you, Muhammad.
Muhammad "Asuka, you smell of water. Asuka, you saved me. So now I will save you. Let's go!
Muhammad is now one of us!
STAGE13 CLEAR

Meguro ?
Reika "Sawaki-san said that Thompson is at U of T.
Sisopo "Yeah. But shouldn't we look for Sawaki first?
Store owner "Satoshi was taken to Duato. It would be a shortcut to grab Thompson and a professor named Ando and ask them about the demons, but it might be useful to go to Sawaki's place and get some new information, right?
Reika: "Asuka, decide which way you want to go.

Kichijoji FIGHT
STAGE 15: Devils' Rebellion
Cassius "Molek! That's a good move.
Charlie "It seems that the demons are fighting each other? Let's not get too close and see what's going on.
Victory Condition: Enemy annihilation

(After the war)
Cassius "We have no choice. We should pull back now!
Charlie "Somehow, it seems to have been settled.
Sawaki "Asuka, was it here?
Asuka "Sawaki, what happened?
Sawaki "Oh, I got some information. I heard that there are two forces of demons. One is the one who kidnapped Satoshi, and the other one is still unknown.
Asuka "It seems so. Until just now, demons were fighting here.
Sawaki "I see... If we can find out more details, we may be able to make better use of it.
Asuka "....
Sawaki: "Anyway, I'll look into it in detail! And I forgot to mention that you should not go too far from Hachioji. According to the information I have gathered, most of the demons seem to come from the Hachioji side.
Asuka "Yes, I understand. I'll be careful.
Sawaki "Well, see you later...
Charlie "What are you going to do now? I am very concerned about the demon that ran away just now. It hasn't been that long, so he might be around Shinjuku or Ikebukuro...
Asuka "....
Charlie "At any rate, we can't start here. Well, let's think as we walk.
STAGE15 CLEAR

Hongo FIGHT
STAGE 16 T. University campus
Reika: "There are so many crows and stray cats. They seem to be spying on us. I'll go take a look.
Asuka "Oh, Reika! Be careful!
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.
Thompson: "Asuka, how dare you try to stand in my way! Why would someone as capable as you stand on the side of lowly humans and refuse to understand our plan to ensure the survival of only the best genes?
Asuka: "Human beings are not as different in ability as you say. You are just trying to use even the existence of demons for your own longing for power.
Professor Ando said, "Asuka, scholars must be willing to accept a little sacrifice for the sake of academic development. That, in turn, will lead to the progress of human beings.
Thompson: "There's no point in talking about it here. Just as well! Let you and your colleagues be the guinea pigs of our research results.
Professor Ando: "Hm, . That's good. It seems that the new demonic abilities that the geniuses here at this university have painstakingly perfected should be tested on outcasts like you who have only developed athletic ability. The results against you will be very convincing to the government.

(After the war)
Thompson "Ugh...
Azael: "What the hell? Is it over already?
Lilim "Azael, you're late!
Thompson: "Geez!
????? I guess there are limits to what a human body can do..."
Azael: "You are Aeschama!
Aeschama: "Azael, you have lost your reincarnation qualification because you were so excited about women... Hmph... But it's not too much to ask for with the Lilim...
Lilim ".......
Aeschama: "You made me go this far. You have to give me a certain amount of good luck....
Lilim "Kyaaaah!
Aeschama: "Then, I'll take this woman!
Asuka "Reika...
Reika is out of the group...
Azael became a demon!
Lilim has become a demon!
STAGE16 CLEAR

Hongo ?
Professor Ando: "We were only ordered by the government to research the first intelligent life form that mankind has ever encountered. There should be no reason for you people to be harassed.
Sakurako "So you don't think it's your fault if people are eaten alive and cities are destroyed because of it?
Professor Ando: "I was only doing what I was ordered to do. Besides, scholars do research, and it is the job of the government that gave the order to make a judgment about the results.
Asuka: "What did the government tell you to do?
Prof. Ando: "At first, it was to decipher the text of the crystal statues found in the Aztec ruins using the supercomputer installed in this university. We generated three-dimensional data of the Kristasasas statues, reconstructed their arrangement in the ruins, and deciphered the cryptograms, which were composed in three dimensions. ..... The results were ...... It was unbelievable.
Professor Ando said, "The symbols carved on the crystal statues were Satanic rebirth programs. When the program to decipher the letters started working, it automatically created a program to generate demons, which were then activated to generate biological data. The genetic level information was also included in the program. The computer automatically generated the data for the demons. At the same time, a virtual space was created in which the demons were to be placed.
Sakurako: "It moved to the network, didn't it? So that the supercomputer could be destroyed.
Professor Ando: "Yes, it is a very carefully planned program. Just by trying to analyze the data, it all starts. And no one can stop it.... It would be impossible without an intelligence that could anticipate all the intellectual levels of the human race.
Keita: "So you're a monkey running around in a monkey wheel hoping for a burp! We humans...
Prof. Ando: "Tomo? Professor Ando: "Yes, the devil's data was left in the computer. And a message to the human race... But from that point on, it was controlled by the government.
Sakurako: "Thompson, who was obsessed with demons, appeared and started creating new demons using the genetic information.
Keita: "More and more, the demons fell into their trap... They didn't even know that they were buying time for the demons..." Asuka
Asuka ".......
Maria "Asuka, come here for a minute. .... Sawaki is calling you.
Asuka "... I understand... Let's go.

Sawaki "Asuka, something is wrong with Saturday.
Asuka "What's wrong with Saturday?
Sawaki: "She's responding to our request to combine the two... She herself is moving the remix on her own and creating demons. It's as if she's trying to start a fight.
Maria "Asuka, I don't know if this is related to Saturday or not, but the network accessing the virtual space is unstable, as if someone is jamming it. I suggest that you wait to access the network until we get the virtual space stabilized. I guess we have to wait here for a while longer, or check out Saturday's situation.

Hongo ?
Maria "Asuka, ..... I've accessed the new Network City, and I see what appears to be your brother in it. I'll put him on the monitor now.
Asuka "Where is Satoshi ?
Maria: "When I saw him earlier, he was standing on that altar. Maybe he went down behind the altar.
Keita "There he is, coming up the altar!
Maria "Oh no... No way. ....
Sakurako: "What's wrong? Maria. What in the world is going on?
Maria "... The sacrifice ....
Satoshi "O Tezcatilpoca, the fire-breathing god! O one who fights the eternal battle in favor of darkness and evil! In thy name, receive the blood of the human sacrifice offered here, and fulfill the words of the covenant! I will offer the blood of unceasing sacrifices on this altar until the time of the fulfillment of the words!
Keita "Satoshi, stop!
Sakurako "Satoshi... Oh...
Asuka "Maria, access this virtual space!
Maria "Asuka, this virtual space is in phase instability and I can't access it! It's changing its position as if it's wandering around the network...
Keita "If we don't stop Satoshi immediately, the children taken by the demon will be sacrificed...
Sakurako: "Asuka, look! Reika is over there!
Satoshi "This is your last chance! Do as I say! If you do, I'll share the human world with you!
Reika "Satoshi! I've told you many times! I've told you many times that doing this will make everyone sad.... Let's hurry up and go home from this world with these demons...
Sakurako "Stop! Satokun ...... Please...
Sakurako "Asuka, we have to stop Sato-kun...
Asuka "Oh... Maria! Can't you somehow fix the phase of that virtual space?
Maria "The whole Network City is being interfered by something...
Asuka "........
Asuka "Ugh...! Again...!

STAGE 18 Tiawanaco
Snupa "Oh, Tupa...
Nanawatzin "(I see the image of Charlie) I knew you were working with someone from another country!
Kabak "(I see the image of Asuka)... Charlie?
Priest: "Here you are, you fools! Go, foreign soldiers!
Nanawatzin: "Hurry! We're running out of time!
(Defeat the priest within 8 turns!)
Victory Condition: Defeat the priest

(After the war)
Priest Asterikiryoku: "Is this it? O power of Testilpo! Receive my blood and fulfill the words of the covenant!

Tupa "Kaasama!
Sunupa "Tupa! Ah... Tupa...
Kabak "The exotic ones seem to have pulled up to the village.
Nanawatzin "Mm... It never occurred to me that they would continue the sacrificial rituals until they joined forces with the exotic ones. What was it that the priests were trying to do?
Kabak: "What's wrong, Nanawatzin?
Nanawatzin "No, nothing. It was just a misunderstanding. It's more like a foreigner is coming with his army. We must go back, quickly!
Kabak: "Right. Tupa, Sunupa! Let's go!
Kabak: "What the hell! What was that shaking?
Nanawatzin: "No way, that was? Oh yeah! The priest was trying to...
STAGE18 CLEAR

Athena. How humans are bringing back memories of reincarnation: ....

Sakurako... Asuka...
Asuka... Snupa... Nanawatzin........
Charlie "It's the name of a sorcerer who appears in an old Native American legend? Asuka, how do you know that name?
Asuka "......
Maria "Asuka, the phase fluctuations are still going on. I don't know what's going to happen, but would you like to try accessing Network City?

Meguro ?
Keita "I can't believe Satoshi did that to himself. I'm sure Molek is scaring him and forcing him to do it.
Store owner "But in order to stop Satoshi, I have to join the network. I heard it's kind of dangerous, but hey, if I go, I'll be able to handle it.
Keita: "Are you going to try to force your way into the nethook...? Or maybe I'll check out Saturday.

Shinjuku NET
Maria "No! I'm going out of phase with the virtual space! I might not be able to access it... Everyone, be careful...

STAGE 19 Twisted virtual space
Asuka "Where are we?
Maria "This is another virtual space that was created as a result of the twisted phase of the virtual space that received interference! You never know what will happen, so be careful...
Victory Condition: All the enemies are destroyed.

(After the war)
Maria: "It's no good. We'll never make it to Antinola. We have to do something about Saturday...
Asuka "....
STAGE 19 CLEAR

Ariake DISK 2 (SaturDay)
Saturday ".... Humans are ludicrous. I have no more will to comply with their demands. If you must free me, there is no other way but to win the battle with me.
STAGE 20 Rebellion of Saturday
Saturday "Asuka, you choose to fight, don't you?
Asuka "I want to save Satoshi! That's all! If you interfere with me, I will defeat you no matter who you are!
Saturday "Asuka, you are a selfish person too... Do you not think of the sacrifices you have paid to try to save your brother?
Asuka ".....
Saturday "After all, you are a selfish person. Fine. Let me fight with all my might. Come on, XP-08! Let go of the domination of those silly humans!
Muhammad "or my body?
Muhammad "My body won't listen to me!
Asuka "Muhammad!
Muhammad "What is going on?
Saturday "XP-08, what's going on?
Muhammad "I am Muhammad.... I am not XP-08...
Saturday "... It seems it's not working properly, is it? How about this?
Muhammad "Wa, watashi wa... I am XP-08, please enter your command.
SATADAY "Then I give the order. Take care of the people there. Is that okay?
Muhammad "... Ryokai.
Muhammad is out of the group.
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.
Muhammad "A, Asuka Yuchiha mate... I don't want to fight...
Saturday "You are very stubborn, aren't you? A mechanical doll has no need of compassion.
Muhammad "A... Muhammad "A... ............. Continue processing.
Saturday "It will now work properly.

(After defeating Muhammad)
Muhammad "ah, flying crow Santachi.... Are you okay...?
Karasu "Oh... I'm fine.
Muhammad "It's all right..." (after defeating Muhammad) Really2.............
Saturday "After all, a mechanical doll can't win... That's all right. I'll deal with him myself.

(After defeating Saturday)
I got EXODUS.
Saturday "Now... Is this really the right thing to do... I don't know. ...........................
Asuka "....
STAGE20 CLEAR

Store Dad ".... Muhammad was a!....... He was a robot...
Sis Op "It's called an android! My father is old-fashioned..." "But he was one of us!
Keita "But he was one of us!
Maria: "Yes, he was more human than human. We have to do something about it..." Shop owner "I'll take care of it...
Store owner "You're going to do something about it...? Can you manage it?
Maria "I can't say right now, but .... If we can find a part that can regenerate his nerves, we might be able to revive him.

Ariake DISK 2 (Saturday)
Sunday "What can I do for you, Watashi Uni?

(DISK 2 (SunDay & MonDay)" is now available in Ariake!)

Ariake DISK 2 (SunDay)
BATTLE
STAGE 21 Sunday's exercise
Victory Condition: Enemy annihilation
(after the war)
STAGE 21 CLEAR

Meguro ?
Sakurako "The remix station seems to have been resolved.
Charlie "It seems that the fluctuation of the network is also getting under control. If you wait a little longer, you should be able to access it.
Keita "If you have time, let's go to Ikebukuro. We don't want any more children to be sacrificed!

Ikebukuro FIGHT
STAGE 22 Ikebukuro urban battle
Keita: "Isn't that the demon that escaped from Kichijoji over there?
Cassius "Damn! So this is it!
Charlie "Sawaki said so. From the looks of that demon, it seems to be being pursued by the demons around it. Let's help that demon. You may be able to hear something about Satoshi.
Victory Condition: Protect Cassius.

(After the war)
Cassius "It's funny that I can be saved by a human being.
Asuka "Have you never heard of Satoshi?
Cassius "... He is the person whom Molek took away, isn't he?
Asuka "Yes, that's right. That's the person! Anything is fine. Tell me!
Cassius: "Instead of asking me, ask Molek directly. Molek is in the network city "Antinola".
Asuka: "That's why I can't enter Antinola.
Cassius "Huh. I had been trying to find out Molek's movements until a few minutes ago. When he found me and fled, I corrected the phase shift that occurred in Network City and came to this space.
Asuka: "Then you have access to Antinora!
Cassius "That's what I mean. To the extent that you helped me, I'm talking to you, ugh? Let me go!
Charlie: "We can't let Molek escape. Let's head for Antinola right away!
Asuka "Yeah!　Let's go!

STAGE22 CLEAR
DISC1 has ended. Please save and then switch to DISC2 to continue playing.

Shinjuku NET
The... The Underworld of Traitors... Welcome to Antinora... This is the gateway to hell, where unbearable suffering is the everlasting proof of existence...
Asuka "... Is that...?
Sakurako: "That's Satoshi. ........ The Joker is here too!
Satoshi "Hahahahaha...! What are you doing here, brother? What are you doing here? .....
Sakurako "Sato-kun! What are you talking about! I'm not here to save you...
Keita ". Come here quickly!
Satoshi "Don't come here!
Asuka ".....????...
Satoshi "I'm in pain... I called for help so many times! In the agony of having my body pulled out, my heart ripped out, my soul squeezed out... How I waited for my brothers to come to my rescue, listening to their mocking voices. ....
Asuka "..... Satoshi......
Satoshi "And this is what you look like!....... Look at this! While you were busy with your demons, they gave me a costume like this and made me the king of demons!
Keita "The king of demons ....?
Satoshi "That's enough, brother! I have earned eternal life as the king of demons in this hell. Don't come after me anymore. And as punishment for betraying me, you may be bound for eternity in the underworld of Antinora.... Molek!!!....
Molek: "My king... What's wrong?
Satoshi: "I'm tired. I've had enough. I'm going back to the temple with the Joker.
Molek: "Yes, sir. There is no better place than the underworld of Antinora to atone for the sin of betraying the King.
Asuka ".... Satoshi! Wake up! And come back! No matter how much you have suffered, your soul remains inside you! As a brother, as a human being, I believe that you have protected your soul!
Satoshi "Hahaha. Come on, brother! It's your brother who will wake up. Human souls are not even seen on the earthly world anymore...
Molek: "Then let's begin. Let's begin the Utage of Kangei that Antinora will open to greet the brother who betrayed his brother and his friends!

STAGE 23 Virtual Space "Antinora
Satoshi "Joker, let's go.
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.
Molek "Isn't that Nimrod there! What are you doing against the order of our king?
Nimrodde: "You are the one who has betrayed Master Iakos and taken the liberty of doing as you please. Molech! We have come by order of Master Iakos to give you a chance to be reborn!
Molek: "Master Iakos ....? That's impossible! He must know that we are going to get rid of these humans...?
Nimrod "Give me thy head in my hands without question! Your task is over!

(after defeating Molek)
Molek: "Have I been betrayed? Am I going to die? Must I be reborn again?

(after the war)
Nimrodde "The struggle for power between us demons is rather complicated. Only Iakos-sama has a complete picture of it all.
Asuka: "I don't care about the demons... I care about Satoshi. ....
Nimrodde "I am sure that Master Iakos knows the truth about that too... Asuka-dono, first of all, you should go to Fuji. There is no other way to get to the temple of the demon world where Master Iakos is, except through the path of Hades, which has been opened from Fuji. I should be accompanying you, but I have some business to attend to, so I can only pray for your safety. So, Asuka-dono. I hope to see you again...
STAGE 23 CLEAR

Hongo ?
Sawaki "I heard that demons are gathering in the north of Mt.
Sakurako "Why are they gathering in such a deserted place?
Sawaki: "They say it's to descend into the demon world. They are reincarnated as witches... Someone is at .... Ugh... What's going on?

STAGE 24 Execution of a witch
Hens "Joanna!
Joanna... Hens...
Knight "Coming with the devil in tow, you are worthy of being one of the witches! Now, prepare to burn him at the stake!
Hens "Damn... We're running out of time!
(Move to the hex adjacent to Joanna within 12 turns)
Victory Condition: Save Joanna.

(After the war)
Joanna "Hens!
Hens "Joanna, are you alright?
Joanna "Yes, thanks to you.
Hence "Well... Then I'll let you die again!
Joanna "What?
Hence "Die for me! Because when you die, everything will be all right!
Hence "Hmph... Now that woman will fall into the demon world.
Asuka "You, Aeschama!
Aeschama: "What the hell are you? How do you know my name?
Asuka "Don't you recognize me?
Aeschama: "But you are a human being. You don't need to remember! I'll kill you right now!
Hens "Joanna! Where are you!
Hens "Oh? Aren't you Asuka?
Asuka "What?
Hence "It's me.... I was Sawaki of U of T....
Asuka ".... Was that you?
Hence, "This seems to be my previous life. But why are you here? Why are you here in the same state as you were in that time?
Asuka "I don't know... I found myself here...
Hence, "You too! Actually, I'm here too. Ugh... Yes! Joanna is!
Aeschama: "You're a lucky guy! I killed her while you were sleeping!
Hence "Joanna?
Aeschama: "Yes! I was ordered to kill her while she was in despair! I killed her in your guise! A little too dramatic, don't you think?
Hence "I will never forgive you!
Aeschama: "Don't worry! I'll kill you and that man together! What?
Asuka "Ugh... Oh, no, not again! I want my head to explode! Aaah!
STAGE24 CLEAR

Athena "I am Athena, Queen of the Demon World, who touched my betrayed soul at the end of my previous life?
Sakurako ". Asuka, Sawaki-san! Stay with me!
Sawaki "... Asuka...　... Why are you...?
Charlie "What's wrong with you two?
Sakurako "Asuka, the demons are coming towards Tokyo from Mt. Let's go there too.

Nakano MOVE
Hachioji FIGHT
STAGE 25 Hachioji
Condition of Victory: Enemies are annihilated
(after the war)
STAGE 25 CLEAR

Ikebukuro ?
Mari "Someone saw a demon that kidnapped a child fly toward Fuji.

Ashigara
Yamanakako FIGHT

STAGE 26 Fuji
Victory Conditions Defeat the boss.
(After the war)
STAGE 26 CLEAR

Keita "Who is it?
Abaddon "How foolish we humans are. Forcibly creating demons that cannot be reincarnated. Using only their power, they try to make this world the way they want it to be..." Asuka, even though you are the enemy, you and I are the same. Asuka, you and your friends seem to be the only ones who are free from such foolishness, even though you are our enemies.
Asuka "Wasn't all of this originally planned by the demons?
Abaddon: "It is not so. The powers that be in this country came seeking our power. We used their desire to buy time, but the power of this world has no appeal to us.
Asuka: "Then what do these demons want?
Abaddon: "They don't want anything. They just spin the given life to the next generation as they are guided..." Asuka "Then what are they doing it for?
Asuka: "Then why did you take my brother away? And even Reika...
Abaddon: "That is not known even to me. Your brother has begun to act as one of our demon kings. The human world will be ruled by him from now on. It is rumored that this is to help us demons reincarnate...
Asuka: "Didn't you say that demons have no power in the human world?
Abaddon: "That's right. It is a story that even I cannot understand. Maybe Master Iakos knows the real reason.
Asuka: "Where is this demon Iakos?
Abaddon "The world beyond time and space: ....　... In our world ... People used to call that world the demon world.
Asuka "........
Abaddon "Asuka, you will soon be led there... And you will meet Master Aiakos in the Demon World.
Asuka ".... What for?
Advan "The same thing again .... It is the arrogance of man to think he can understand everything. Asuka, just be guided...　... That's all you need to do.

Lake Yamanaka ?
Sakurako "Asuka, you are going to enter the bokehara where the devil is said to have appeared, aren't you?
Asuka ". Yes, I might be able to find out where Satoshi is.
Keita "Are you ready, Mr. Shop-owner?
Store owner "Atabo! We are Edo nikko! We can't just stand by and do nothing when someone is in trouble!

Ariake REMIX DISK 3 (MonDay)
BATTLE
STAGE 27 Monday's drill
Victory Condition: All enemies destroyed
(After the war)
STAGE 27 CLEAR

STAGE 28 Kosenhirazaka
Store owner: "Are we going down here? That's dangerous. Try stepping off! You'll go straight to hell!
Keita: "Mister! You're already in hell!
Store owner "Heh heh, I know. When you get old... I get dangerous on my feet.
Victory Conditions Defeat the boss.
(After the war)
STAGE28 CLEAR

Susanono-no-mikoto "For what purpose do you appear in my netherworld and meddle needlessly in the destiny of demonic rebirth?
Asuka "To open the door to the demon world and to ask Aiakos the meaning of the words of the contract that was exchanged before the beginning of time.
Susano-no-mikoto: "Are you going to the demon world? You are a mortal, and you have thought of a terrible thing. Do you think that humans can understand the secret of your reincarnation, which is not revealed even to us?
Asuka "For that contract, my brother is trying to become the king of demons.
Asuka: "There is a soul among humans. Fighting should not be the only way to live in this world.
Susanomikoto "Well, for us demon people, fighting is the way to live. To be reborn again and again, to continue to fight, to gain more and more power.... That is why we were given this life. Well, if you want to go to the demon world, go ahead.
Asuka ".....

Iakos "Welcome to my temple...
Asuka "Are you Aiakos?
Aiakos "It has been a long time.
Asuka "Long time no see...? I don't think we've met...
Aiakos "Of course not. Only in this world, though...
Asuka "I'm sorry, but I don't understand what you are saying. Do you know me?
Aiakos "Of course I do. I have been waiting for you, keeping the words of the contract you made in this magical world before the endless flow of time began.
Asuka: "Wait! I did not come back. Are you not mistaken in some way?
Aiakos "Then who do you call yourself?
Asuka "Maitreya Asuka...
Aiakos "What did this Maitreya Asuka come to this demon world for?
Asuka "To get back my brother whom the devil took away..." Aiakos "What's the matter, Aiakos?
Asuka "What's wrong, Aiakos? What is this contract the devil is talking about? Why was your brother taken from you? What do you want me to do, turn my brother into the king of demons?
Aiakos: "Only a guided life can enter the demon world. How could someone without such a qualification come this far?
Aiakos "As a person chosen by time, even before I came to this world, no one who asks such a question has ever been led to the world of magic.
Asuka "I did not come to the demon world because I wanted to! The demons that have crossed time and appeared in the world in which I live are causing the world to be engulfed in murder and destruction. The demons are led by.... Aiacos! That means it is you, isn't it?
Aiakos "As the ruler of the demon world, it is indeed my role to lead the demons, but the demons were led to the human world because the humans wanted them to!
Asuka "No!　You demons appeared in the world where human beings live according to what you say is an ancient contract! You know with whom you made that contract and what kind of contract it was! --Let us hear it!
Aiakos: "I have nothing to tell you about reincarnation! For us demons, the affairs of this world are only for the sake of reincarnation. Why can't you understand that as you are about to step into this demon world!
Asuka: "Where do you come from and where do you want to be reborn? What do you want from humans?
Aiakos: "Why do you assume that reincarnation is only given to demons? Hmph... Very well, Maitreya Asuka! See with your own eyes how life has been passed down, how you have fought and fought and fought... See with your own eyes!

STAGE 29 Erebos, the Underworld
Hades "As usual, you can't seem to stop handling your tools.
Hecate "A messenger has arrived from Zeus-sama. He is telling us to fight without reserve.
Hades "Very well, I do not wish to be king of the underworld, but I have no choice but to lead the world to the promised land. Let my army march on!
Hades "... Maria...?
Victory Conditions Defeat the boss.

(After the war)
STAGE 29 CLEAR
Aiakos "O guided one, could you accept your reincarnation?
Aiakos "Humans, demons, and even deities are all reincarnated in the closed world until they reach their final hour... Life, fixed but not fixed, without end, reaches its final hour.... And creation and destruction are repeated. You will know then what is hidden in your consciousness, which has not yet awakened. ....
Iakos "......... The child was trapped between dimensions, trying to distort his own reincarnation for your sake. Return with him and fulfill your own life.
Asuka ".????.. Rei...! Hana...?!
Aiakos "O guided one, .... If thou shouldst ever set foot in the demon world again, then and only then will all the questions thou wished to know be revealed.

Sakurako ". Asuka .
Keita "Sakurako. Don't worry, Asuka will come back.
Asuka "... Sakurako, ... Keita.
Sakurako "Asuka! You came back!
Keita "Reika is there too!
Asuka: "Iacos from the demon world wants me back. He said it's not time for me to reincarnate yet... But she hasn't recovered enough to walk by herself yet.
Sakurako: "Poor thing... Let him rest for a while.
Keita: "Asuka, while you are in the demon world, demons are appearing in various places. Chigasaki, Yokohama, and a new virtual space in Jin are said to have appeared.

Chigasaki FIGHT
STAGE 30 Chigasaki
Maria "This is the address left in Muhammad's data.
Asuka "A villa...? Maria "Ostensibly, this is Yagami's virtual space.
Maria "On the surface, this is the villa of the chairman of the Yagami Group.
Keita "Yagami Group? One of the largest conglomerates in Japan... Is that it?
Maria "Yes... But it's strange that it was left in Muhammad's data, isn't it? That's why I hacked into the Yagami Group's databank.
Keita "Isn't that a crime...?
Maria: "It was an emergency, so I had no choice! Then I found out that this was the Yagami Group's secret factory! They brought in parts that I don't even know what they are used for. My hunch is that this is probably where Muhammad was built.
Asuka: "So you can fix Muhammad?
Maria: "I honestly don't know. It doesn't seem to be in use anymore, and it's a place where demons have been appearing since fairly early on...
Asuka "For now, we just have to defeat the demon. We'll leave the rest to luck...
Victory Condition: Defeat the boss.

(after the war)
Keita "It's empty...
Asuka: "It's no good here either. There's no one here.
Maria "How about over there?
Asuka "No. What about over there?
Maria "No one was there, but it's perfect! I found a factory in the basement! We have what looks like Muhammad's parts, so we'll be all right! Now all we need is a place with technicians and a system to fix it..." Asuka "For now, let's just keep the parts.
Asuka: "Let's just take the parts for now!
STAGE30 CLEAR

Kamakura ?
Charlie "Muhammad is...
Reika "It's back to life...
Muhammad "Arigato...　... Minnano-okage desu.
Asuka "I only did what was natural. As friends who fought together... And... As a friend.
Muhammad is back.

Yokohama FIGHT
STAGE 31 Yokohama
Aeschama: "Eiichi, hurry up and find him! We've got to get that Akanbo, or we'll be in trouble!
Asuka "You are Aeschama!
Aeschama: "Oh, Asuka... I let you live back then, but you've come all the way here... All right! I thought it was too early to go against aiacos, but it looks like we're at the end of our rope here. Asuka, I will kill you! And I will resurrect that man into a false demon god.
Asuka: "That man?
Aeschama: "You don't need to know! You can rest assured that I will have your brother come after you too.
Victory condition Defeat the boss.

(after the war)
Aeschama: "Huh, you're surprisingly good! As expected... No, this is going to be fun. Asuka, we'll see you yet!
Charlie "Somehow, it looks like it's over.
Keita "In the end, the aeshama guy got away...
Sakurako "But didn't he say something about finding Akanpo?
Charlie "There must be something there. Shall we all split up and look for it?
STAGE31 CLEAR
Akemi "Thank you, the demons are here to kidnap her.
Esper Baby "Ningen no onna yo... Watashino koega kikoeru no ka? Umareochita bakari no...　... Konoinochi nyadotta...　... Wagatamashii no koega...
Sakurako, I can hear you. .... Who are you?
esperbaby "Saigonotoki wo mukaerutame futatabi konoichijou ni oritatsu kotowo yurusareta daitenshi 'Lucifer' no tamashii
Sakurako "Lucifer...
Esper Baby "Tamashii no koe wo kikimono yo hure wo tomonai saigonotakai ni sonae yo
Esper Baby is now one of us!

Kawasaki NET
STAGE 32 Virtual Space "Erebos
Asuka "... This place is ....!
Satoshi: "Is that my brother... Phew. For a long time, you came to disturb me when I was having fun. You always wanted my toys and so on... But I won't let you get in my way this time, I promise.
Reika: "I'm sorry I worried you guys! I'm fine now.
Reika is now one of us!
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.
Nimrode "Looks like you made it in time.
Sawaki "Asuka, I'll take care of this one, you take care of Satoshi!
Satoshi "Nimrode, what are you trying to do! If we lose here, our side will lose the reincarnation in the virtual space!
Nimrodde: "Satoshi, in time you will understand the meaning of the words of the contract... Satoshi: "It's a silly trick, virtual space..." Satoshi: "My brother, the battle here is lost!

Satoshi "Brother, from the way you are fighting here, it seems that you know a little something about reincarnation.
Asuka: "I don't care about that! Come back to me!
Satoshi said, "Network City will now collapse, brother. In the real world, it's me and my army of demons who rule. The power of a human being with a weakened soul is like an insect..." Satoshi said. No matter how hard you guys try... Come to the training ground on Mt. Fuji, and I will show you our power.
Asuka: "Satoshi, wait for me!

(after the war)
Nimrodde "I'm glad I made it in time... Master Aiacos was worried about you.
Asuka: "Why is Aiakos worried about me?
Nimrodde: "Well, that is not known to me. I was only ordered to help you. Now, if you don't pull out of here quickly, the virtual space will start to collapse.
STAGE32 CLEAR

Ariake/Hongo/Kamakura REMIX DISK 2 (SunDay & MonDay)
BATTLE
STAGE 33 Monday's exercise
Victory Condition: Enemy annihilation
(After the war)
STAGE 33 CLEAR

Yokohama MOVE
Hachioji MOVE
North Fuji FIGHT
STAGE 34 Fuji Training Area
Anato: "Satoshi-sama was busy offering a sacrifice and said he would excuse himself this time. In his place, this goddess of bloodshed, Anato, will be your partner. Asuka! Receive my army's war cry!
Victory Condition: Annihilation of all enemies
(after the war)
STAGE34 CLEAR

Keita: "Let's go, Asuka! No matter how powerful the demons are, if we remember to join forces with each other, we will be able to reach the altar of sacrifice where the demons are.
Maria said, "Asuka, we discussed it together. What should we do from now on? Everyone knows that Anada is going to Tokyo to stop your brother. She is not telling us about it because she doesn't want us to know about it.
Charlie: "We are a group of people who were born in different places and raised in different environments. But together we have fought the demons and worked together to get this far.
Maria: "We all feel the same way. In the end, we didn't even need to discuss it. And we decided together. We decided that you will never go alone.
Maria: "They are waiting for you! For the signal of departure you will give!
Asuka "... Thank you...　... And please let everyone know how you feel.

Branch Route A-1
Kichijoji FIGHT
STAGE 35 Tokyo Liberation Battle "Kichijoji
Victory Condition: Enemy annihilation
(After the war)
STAGE 35 CLEAR

Branch route A-2
STAGE 36 Tokyo Liberation Battle "Shinjuku
Victory Condition: All enemies defeated
(After the war)
STAGE 36 CLEAR

Branch Route B-1
Tama River FIGHT
STAGE 35 Tokyo Liberation Battle "Tama Riverbed
Victory Condition: Defeat the boss
(After the battle)
STAGE 35 CLEAR

Ogikubo MOVE
Shibuya FIGHT
Branch route B-2
STAGE 36 Tokyo Liberation Battle "Shibuya
Victory Condition: All enemies destroyed
(after the war)
STAGE 36 CLEAR

STAGE 37 Tokyo Liberation Battle "Altar of Sacrifice
Ginza FIGHT
Satoshi "What are you doing! Kill them! Kill them!
Satoshi "Don't let anyone escape. Let them know what will happen to anyone who gets in my way! Kill them all!　Go!
Asuka: "Satoshi, is there nothing left to save you?　
Victory condition: Defeat the boss.

Satoshi "It's been a long time, brother... It seems like a long time has passed, doesn't it?
Asuka "........
Satoshi "You've done a terrible thing, brother... Don't you think you are a terrible person to abandon your brother?
Asuka "Satoshi, stop it! You are crazy!
Satoshi "... You're crazy! You must have heard the words of the contract! Eternal life is acquired through repeated reincarnations. You must have heard about the words of the covenant that is fulfilled at the end of the life that has been passed down from the beginning of time through successive births of life!
Asuka, stop it! Or else I will .....
Satoshi: "Or else what? Or else what are you going to do, brother?
Asuka "Stop it! You're not going to stop?
Satoshi "Hey! Say hello to your brother!
Cerberus "Uh-uh. Woof!
Asuka "... Are you the Joker?
Satoshi "Yes! But my name is Cerberus now! He's a Hexenbiest loyal to the Demon God!
Asuka "Joker...

(after the war)
Satoshi "... Do it... Give it to me, ... Brother . S... ...
Asuka... Satoshi!
Satoshi "The time of my rebirth has come... The words of the contract have been fulfilled, and only the last time remains...

Asuka, "Satoshi! Are you really going to become a demon god?
Cerberus "... Kuhn... Kuhn...
Cerberus has become a demon goddess!
STAGE37 CLEAR

Ginza ?
Aiacos "Guided, ...... What is it that grieves and saddens you? When the last hour is about to begin. When the closed doors of this world are about to be opened and the time for the birth of a new world is about to arrive. ....
Asuka: "I stole away with my own hands! The life of my only brother...
Aiakos "He willed his own reincarnation. He wanted to be reborn as a demon god... Either you or Satoshi will be reborn as a demon god. Satoshi knew that, and he wanted to become a demigod himself...
Aiakos, "Don't you understand yet? He sacrificed himself so that he could begin his reincarnation as the king of demons and qualify as a Demon God.
Asuka "I don't even want to be a demigod!
Aiakos: "Demon gods will be reincarnated in the last space-time! No one will become one!
Asuka: "'Then leave me alone! I am only interested in living in this world!
Aiakos: "And after you die, will you be reincarnated? Asuka, in any case, you cannot escape your destiny. Still, you want to pursue the comforts of this world like other human beings?
Aiakos "Very well, Asuka! You can decide your own path. Will you remain in this world and accept your last moments in this world? Or will you decide the fate of this world with your own will? Until the moon sinks into the horizon, I will open the door to the magical world on the altar. The door to the last hour of the world!
Do you wish to go to the world of the demons? * Yes No (*Option 1 to determine the ending)

Go to ending 1 * No
Ginza ?
Shop-owner ".... Asuka. Don't think about Satoshi anymore...! In a way, that girl sacrificed herself for us.
Asuka ".......
Sisop ".... Oyaji...
Reika "But .... I kind of can't believe it's going to end like this. Was this really the right thing to do?
Keita "Yeah, no matter what life you are reborn into, if you can protect this world, this life won't be so hard.
Store owner: "Hey, hey, hey, hey... Look, the sun is rising... Oh... What? What the... What the...?
Asuka ".......
STAGE 38 Time of extinction
????? Asuka: "Brother, how dare you come so brazenly in front of me?
Asuka "Well, Satoshi...? Satoru "Don't you understand?
Satoshi "Don't you understand? Satoshi "Don't you know? I'm not that hard to recognize, am I?
Asuka ".....
Satoshi "But it's okay... I've got the power that no one can beat! No one will make fun of me anymore. No one will laugh at me. No one will humiliate me...
Sakurako "Sato-kun, stop it!
Satoshi "I don't want to hear your sermons. I am going to create a new world. A world where only what I want exists... I wonder if my brothers will be in it?　Asuka "I can't help you anymore.
Asuka: "I guess I can't help you anymore... Then I will defeat them with my own hands! That's the least I can do!
Satoshi: "Can you do it? You'll find out soon enough!
Victory Conditions Defeat the Demon God (Henri Manille)

(After the war)
Satoshi "No way! What happened?
Asuka "Satoshi ....
Satoshi "Why did I lose? Why? Why? I don't want to die!　I don't want to die! I don't want to die!
Asuka "Satoshi, Satoshi!
STAGE38 CLEAR
ENDING 1 (Satoshi's ending)

To ending 2/3 *Yes
Consciousness "Maitreya Asuka... Or . O life so called ...　... Listen to my words...
Asuka ".... Who are you?
Consciousness "Life in all space-time...　... Life without a name...
Asuka "What do you mean?
Consciousness: "A being without meaning...　... Life without words or consciousness
Consciousness: "Human beings... . lives its life locked up in illusion from the time of its birth until its death. Human life is... It is confused by voices, confused by light, and ends its life imprisoned in the body.
Consciousness "Asuka, break the door of illusion and awaken to the true nature of life! The world has no beginning and no end, and life also lives forever.
Asuka ". Human beings will always die...
Consciousness "And then we acquire a new life...　... A new illusory world begins...
Asuka: "Are you saying that all of this is an illusion? A world without meaning? That all the battles we have fought are illusions...
Consciousness "Yes! The real world and the physical world are illusions created by the body. Human life is trapped in this illusion, even the body is damaged by it. The demon you fought was born and died in that illusion, and created the world in that illusion.
Consciousness "Your life will once again inhabit the body and create a new world of illusion.
Asuka ".......
Consciousness "Whatever world it is, it makes no difference that it was created by the shining power of life. ..... And that is ....　... It is the world you live in.
Asuka "... The Demon World....

Athena "I am Athena, Queen of the Demon World ...　... I am the queen of the demon world... One whose task is to see the transformation of life through the wounded soul.
Aiakos "It has been a long time, Athena.
Athena "Aiakos.
Aiacos "Welcome to my temple ....　... After all...　... You are here...
Asuka "......
Iakos "........
Asuka "I don't really understand...　... I don't know what I'm...
Aiakos "I understand. You have returned as per the agreement made before the beginning of time.
Asuka ".......
Aiakos "It seems that it is not yet the time of rebirth... But now that you have returned to the demon world, that time is not far off. ..... Before you awaken, it would be good for you to participate in the battle that will unfold in the Demon Realm.
Asuka: "Is there a place for battles in the demon world?
Aiakos "The battle for the final reincarnation of the life that has repeatedly reincarnated and descended to the demon world...
Asuka "..... I understand. ....

XXXXXXXX XXX Demon Temple
Indignant World FIGHT
STAGE 38 Wrath Realm
Cassius "I never thought we would meet as enemies like this... It's your luck that you saved me that time! You will die!
Victory Condition: All enemies killed
(After the war)
Cassius "Damn, I'm sorry...
STAGE38 CLEAR

Underworld FIGHT
STAGE 39 Dark Underworld
Abaddon "Have we come this far at last? Then we have no choice but to fight.
Victory Condition: Annihilation of all enemies
(After defeating Abaddon)
Abaddon "Have I come this far? Asuka, do not be misled by the words of Aiakos, but choose the path you wish to take..." (after the war)
(after the war)
STAGE39 CLEAR

Underworld FIGHT
STAGE 40 Underworld
Aeschama: "At last, I've been waiting for you!　Asuka, I will kill you!　And create the new world I desire!
Victory Conditions Defeat the boss.
(After the war)
Aeschama: "How can you be so powerful when you have not yet awakened? My new world... Aeschama The Dashi no...
STAGE40 CLEAR

Athena "It seems that the last time has come. Because of this wounded soul. As the queen of this demon world, my role of helping demons to reincarnate has come to an end.
ATHENA: "Well, Iakos... The time has come for you to make your final choice in accordance with your great will.
Aiakos "Welcome back. .... It seems that the time has finally come. The time has come to fulfill the Word that He Himself has covenanted .... The time has come to fulfill...
Asuka "....
Aiakos "What is your hesitation, my Lord? Fulfill the words of the covenant which you yourself promised in the days of old. Or will you break the covenant and fight against your own legions in that form?
Aiakos: "Now is the time to decide... You will bring an end to the old world and give us the words of a new covenant for the beginning of a new world.
Do you want to be reborn as a demon god? ** Yes No (**Option 2 to determine the ending)

Go to ending 2 **Yes
All the friends who have fought with me up to now have disappeared.
Aiacos "Welcome to my temple ....
Anla-Manyu, the Demon God "Aiakos? .... He who reveals the words of the covenant.
Aiakos "Remember the words of your own covenant, O guided one... By the words promised by yourself at the beginning of the ancient time, you will come back here. .....
Anla-Manyu, the Demon God, ".... I remember ..... When he created this world... Scattering its own existence throughout the world, it eventually reincarnated itself over and over again...　... ...to prepare for the final battle... To prepare for the final battle...
Iakos: "And here in the demon world... ...and here in the demon world...
Unla-Manyu, the Demon God... For this moment ....
Aiacos "... I have drawn a new army...　... Long time no see... Now, to the final battlefield...

STAGE 41 The Corpse Demon Sky
Store owner "... Asuka.... Tae-Ye ....
Anra-Manyu "....
Store owner "Keita, Sakurako! Can you fight?
Keita ". Oh..." Sakurako
Sakurako "....
Victory condition: All the enemies are killed.

(After defeating Sawaki)
Tsugiki "Asuka, is this the ending you wanted?

(After defeating Reika)
Reika: "How can you not know your own destiny? Fortune-telling is a joke...

(After defeating Charlie)
Charlie: "Humans will eventually die. But... I wish I had chosen a more satisfying way to die...

(After defeating Sakurako)
Sakurako "I knew it, it turned out like this..." (after defeating Maria)

(After defeating Maria)
Maria "It seems we've come to this point... The reality is... (shop owner "I'm not sure I understand...")

(After defeating store owner "Kantaro")
Store owner "Teyantaro! I won't die like this! I can't die like this! .... Ka.

(After he knocks Keita down.)
Keita: "It can't be helped...

(after the war)
Anra-Manyu "....
STAGE41 CLEAR

Aiacos: "My Creator, My Creator...　... I congratulate you. Now, create a new world and give me the words of a new covenant.
Aiakos: "My Lord, what are you complaining about? Is something wrong?
Unlamanu, the demon god: "I am not lamenting... I'm pining for you!
Unla-Manyu, the Demon God: "Rejoice in my victory! The old world is gone, the old covenant is fulfilled! It has been fulfilled!
Anra-Manyu, the Demon God: "Hear the words of my new covenant at the beginning of the world brought forth from the weaving of billions of nights and days! The chosen ones who make the heavens and the underworld their abode, the proud heroes entrusted with the earth, and the demons who rule the demon world! Gather under me when you gather again in this land beyond the time of eternity! Then your lives will find the light of glory in the new world that is about to begin again!
Demon God Anra-Manyu: "Fulfill the words of the new covenant! Transcending time, weaving life...　... On a new battlefield .... Seek the light of glory!

ENDING 2 (Genesis of the Demon God)

to ending 3 **no
Shikamon Kuu FIGHT
STAGE 41 Shikamon Kuu
Asuka "Why, Sawaki-san...
Store owner "Sawaki, why? Why did you turn into a demon god?
Sawaki "I am the demon god Anra-manyu!
Store owner "I'll do it! Asuka, let's do it!
Asuka "But...
Store owner "But there's no "but" or "scarecrow"! I can hear it! I can hear Sawaki's suffering voice!
Asuka "Mr. Shop-owner...
Victory Condition: Defeat the demigod
(After the battle)
Sawaki "Noooooo!
STAGE 41 CLEAR
ENDING 3 (Satoshi's Return)

Shinjuku NET
STAGE 42 Extra A
Victory Condition: All enemies destroyed
(After the war)
STAGE 42 CLEAR

Hongo REMIX DISK 2 (SunDay & MonDay)
BATTLE
STAGE 43 Extra B
Victory Condition: All enemies destroyed
(after the war)
STAGE 43 CLEAR

Yoyogi FIGHT
STAGE 44 Extra C
Victory Condition: All enemies destroyed
(after the war)
STAGE 44 CLEAR

Shinagawa FIGHT
STAGE 45 Extra D
Victory Condition: All enemies destroyed
(After the war)
STAGE 45 CLEAR

Ginza FIGHT
STAGE 46 Extra E
Afra Mazda "I am Afra Mazda, the destroyer of demons. I am Afra-Mazda, the destroyer of demons. By destroying you, the bloodline of the demon god, peace in this world is promised.
Asuka: "At last, Satoshi has returned, but I can't die here!
Ahura-Mazda "Rest assured. Your brother is also a blood relative of the demon god. After I destroy you, I will destroy your brother too.
Victory Condition: Defeat the boss.
(After the war)
I got the proof of victory.
Ahura-Mazda: "Mmm... The demon god still hasn't awakened, but I didn't know he had this much power. ....
Asuka: "Is this the end...
STAGE46 CLEAR